feat: Add support for CPU-intense flavors (#196)
citynetwork/docs: docs/reference/flavors/index.md

* `g`: Virtual GPU. Instances launched with matching flavors have
  access to a
  [GPU](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_processing_unit).

> * `c`: Physical CPUs. Instances launched with matching flavors will be provided
>   a physical CPU cores rather then virtual ones. These flavors are recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `c`: Physical CPUs. Instances launched with matching flavors are allocated
  physical CPU cores, rather than virtual ones. These flavors are recommended
```

>   are recommended for CPU-intense workloads, or when there is a

Reviewer 2: Just a nit:

```suggestion
  are recommended for CPU-intensive workloads, or when there is a
```

>   for CPU-intense workloads or there is a requirement for guaranteed CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for CPU-intense workloads, where there is a requirement for guaranteed CPU
```
